README.md, before:


ecommerce product tag
================================================================================

Allows you to add "tags" to products.  The main
purpose for this is to allow quicker and more
efficient searching across product groups.

Developer
-----------------------------------------------
Nicolaas [at] sunnysideup.co.nz

Requirements
-----------------------------------------------
Ecommerce 1.0+ / SSU Branch
SilverStripe 2.4+

Project Home
-----------------------------------------------
See http://code.google.com/p/silverstripe-ecommerce

Demo
-----------------------------------------------
See http://www.silverstripe-ecommerce.com

Installation Instructions
-----------------------------------------------
1. Find out how to add modules to SS and add module as per usual.
2. Review configs and add entries to mysite/_config/config.yml
(or similar) as necessary.
In the _config/ folder of this module
you should to find some examples of config options (if any).

Commit message:

MOVING README files to README.md
git-svn-id: https://silverstripe-ecommerce.googlecode.com/svn/modules/ecommerce_product_tags/trunk@4912 950b781c-c544-efab-2f99-90083ee69683

README.md, after:


ecommerce product tag
================================================================================

Allows you to add "tags" to products.  The main
purpose for this is to allow quicker and more
efficient searching across product groups.

Developer
-----------------------------------------------
Nicolaas [at] sunnysideup.co.nz


Documentation
-----------------------------------------------
Please contact author for more details.

Any bug reports and/or feature requests will be
looked at

We are also very happy to provide personalised support
for this module in exchange for a small donation.


Requirements
-----------------------------------------------
see composer.json


Project Home
-----------------------------------------------
See http://code.google.com/p/silverstripe-ecommerce

Demo
-----------------------------------------------
See http://www.silverstripe-ecommerce.com


Installation Instructions
-----------------------------------------------

1. Find out how to add modules to SS and add module as per usual.

2. Review configs and add entries to mysite/_config/config.yml
(or similar) as necessary.
In the _config/ folder of this module
you should to find some examples of config options (if any).
